Uses parallel construction in the COI section (#659)
ropensci/dev_guide: softwarereview_policies.Rmd

Following criteria are meant to be a guide for what constitutes a conflict of interest for an editor or reviewer. The potential editor or reviewer has a conflict of interest if:

> * The potential reviewer/editor are from the institution or institutional component (e.g., department) of any author with a major role. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The potential reviewer/editor are from the same institution or institutional component (e.g., department) as any author with a major role. 
```

> * The potential reviewer/editor has been a collaborator or has had any other professional relationship with any person on the package who has a major role within in the past three year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The potential reviewer/editor has been a collaborator or has had other professional relationships with at least one person on the package who has a major role within in the past three year.
```

> * The potential reviewer/editor serves as a member of the advisory board for the project under review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The potential reviewer/editor serves, or has served, as a member of the advisory board for the project under review.
```

> * The potential reviewer/editor would receive a direct or indirect financial benefit if the package is accepted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The potential reviewer/editor would receive a direct or indirect financial benefit if the package were accepted.
```
